Hey, so why riverline. I read through the manifesto and the impact note and fundraise blog. This line "borrowers who default aren't bad people, their situations are" stuck with me because this is also the sentiment I had while I was going through the borrower responses from the data. It's very rare to see such empathy and engineering rigor on the same axis in start up worlds and I think it's rare enough that I want to be to a part of it. The way in which we make other people feel and make them comfortable even under difficult circumstances is the shared belief that we have but we want to make sure the AIs of agentic era follow on a similar path. I think the whole AI alignment problem is not that AI will go rogue and destroy things that humanity cherished but wether AI will have the same shared interest as us, to be kind, to be empethatic towards one another. Solving this problem and going through the conversation traces made realize how hard of an engineering challenge this really is. There are an multitude of possibilities that can go this way or that way and change the conversations but does those possiblities also include how we are thinking for the people on the other hand, how we make them feel how can we help them out? 

A few other things I'm genuinely excited about, not in any particular order:

- I had a feel of what it looks like designign evaluation systems at scale, now I want to make them work in real life and go to production
- I am very much passionate about technology and how we can integrate it into every aspects of our life, from claw agents answering emails to agents that improve the lives of people
- Also I read somewhere we get unlimited tokens to burn, I have always been wanting to build things with 10 claude agents all running at the same time but the rate limits never made it possible, at riverline I see some hope :)
